Hvor mange sykler er det i Beijing?
Hva er kvadratrota av 81?
Hva endra Carl and the Passions bandnavn til?
Hvor mange ringer er det på OL-flagget?
Hvilket land regjerte King Zog over?
Hvilken farge er Spocks blod?
On television what was Flipper?
How many rings on the Olympic flag?
What colour is vermilion a shade of?
King Zog ruled which country?
What colour is Spock's blood?
Where can you find London bridge today?
Carl and the Passions changed band name to what?
Where in your body is your patella?
What spirit is mixed with ginger beer in a Moscow mule?
Who was the first man in space?
Who's band was The Quarrymen?
Which was the most successful Grand National horse?
Who starred as the Six Million Dollar Man?
In the song Waltzing Matilda - What is a Jumbuck?
Who was Dan Dare's greatest enemy in the Eagle?
What is Dick Grayson better known as?
What was given on the fourth day of Christmas?
What was Skippy ( on TV )?
What does a funambulist do?
What is the name of Dennis the Menace's dog?
What are bactrians and dromedaries?
Who played The Fugitive?
Who was the King of Swing?
Who was the first man to fly across the channel?
Who starred as Rocky Balboa?
In which war was the charge of the Light Brigade?
Who invented the television?
Who would use a mashie niblick?
In the song who killed Cock Robin?
What do deciduous trees do?
In golf what name is given to the No 3 wood?
If you has caries who would you consult?
What other name is Mellor's famously known by?
What did Jack Horner pull from his pie?
How many feet in a fathom?
which film had song Springtime for Hitler?
Name the legless fighter pilot of ww2?
What was the name of inn in Treasure Island?
What was Erich Weiss better known as?
Who sailed in the Nina - Pinta and Santa Maria?
Which leader died in St Helena?
Who wrote Gone with the Wind?
What does ring a ring a roses refer to?
Whose nose grew when he told a lie?
Who has won the most Oscars?
What would a Scotsman do with a spurtle?
Which award has the words for valour on it?
If you had pogonophobia what would you be afraid of?
Who would take silk as part of their job?
Who won an Oscar for the African Queen?
Who sang the theme song in 9 to 5?
What in business terms is the IMF?
Ringo Star narrates which children's TV series?
Which country grows the most fruit?
Which company is owned by Bill Gates?
In Casablanca what is the name of the nightclub?
What was the first James Bond book?
What kind of animal is a lurcher?
What is the currency of Austria?
What is the Islamic equal to the red cross?
In fable who sold a cow for five beans?
What did Alfred Nobel invent?
Who was the first man to run a sub four minute mile?
What are Munroes?
Which car company makes the Celica?
Air Lingus is the national airline of which country?
Who discovered radium?
What does an alopecia sufferer lack?
Who painted The Haywain?
Triskadeccaphobia is the fear of what?
What is a baby rabbit called?
Which country had The Dauphin as a ruler?
Who did Michael Caine play in the Ipcress File?
Who won Euro song contest Save All Your Kisses For Me?
Which country had the guns of Naverone installed?
Ictheologists study what?
What is a Winston Churchill?
Who or what lives in a formicarium?
What type of acid is used in car batteries?
It's a flock of sheep what's a group of owls called?
What animal would you find in a form?
Who in books and films was the man of bronze?
Who was Stan Laurels partner?
What kind of food is Cullan Skink?
What is classified by the A B O system?
What plant does the Colorado beetle attack?
Where did the Pied Piper play?
To where in France do the sick make pilgrimages?
In which city was the famous black hole?
Christopher Cockerel invented what?
Ray Bolger played who in The Wizard of Oz?
Sabotage is French - What did the saboteurs use?
If you had rubella what would you have caught?
Mohs scale hardest is diamond - what's the softest?
La Giaconda is better known as what?
Who wrote the Opera Madam Butterfly?
What links - Goa - Kerula - Assam - Bihar?
Eric Arthur Blaire was the real name of which author?
Names - Baker Cook obvious what did Cordwainer do?
Which country do Sinologists study?
Ruby Stevens became famous under which name?
Which non alcoholic cordial is made from pomegranates?
What is Orchesis - either professional or amateur?
Taken literally what should you see in a Hippodrome?
Who wrote the Man in the Iron Mask?
Which 1993 Disney film starred Bet Middler as a witch?
Who piloted the first flight across the English channel?
What was the first James Bond film?
What 1991 film won best film, actor, actress, director Oscars?
What was the capital of Ethiopia?
Aescapalious emblem staff snake Greek Roman god of what?
Giacomo Agostini - 122 Grand Prix 15 world titles what sport?
What is the largest state in the USA?
Led Deighton trilogy Game Set Match What 3 Capitals?
Alan Stuart Konigsberg famous as who?
Which human rights organisation founded 1961 got Nobel 1977?
Whose autobiography was The long walk to Freedom?
What was discovered in 1922 by Howard Carter?
Clyde Tonbaugh discovered what planet in 1930?
Who won the women's heptathlon at Seoul in 1988?
Who wrote Northanger Abbey?
Who ran through the streets naked crying Eureka?
Who composed the Brandeberg concertos full names?
Who won the World Series in 1987?
What is the correct term of address to the Pope?
In which city was Alexander Graham Bell born in 1847?
Who composed the ballets Sleeping Beauty and The Nutcracker?
AG Bell opened school in Boston in 1872 for Teachers of what?
Benjamin Kubelsky 1894 fame as what comedian?
In the Old Testament what book comes between Obadiah - Micah?
Robin Williams dressed in drag for which 1993 film?
Which chess piece could be a member of the church?
Which German word means lightning war used in WW2?
Broccoli belongs to what family of plants?
Whose boat Bluebird was recently raised from Coniston water?
in 1951 which (of two) car companies introduced power steering?
Who wrote Catch 22 (full name)?
Which country set up the world's first chemistry lab in 1650?
What links the names Botvinik, Tal, Karpov, Fischer?
What is the national flower of Japan?
Bombardier Billy Wells was seen on many Rank films - why?
Where in France do claret wines come from?
What did mathematician John Napier invent in 1614?
What was the world's first high level programming language 1957?
Consumption was the former name of which disease?
Which American state is nicknamed The Diamond State?
What are the Sirocco, Mistral and Chinook?
Who wrote about Willie Wonka and the Chocolate Factory?
Who, at USA customs declared, nothing but my genius?
Issur Danielovitch became famous a who?
Who sailed in the Golden Hind?
What was the name of the plantation in Gone with the Wind?
Who won the 1988 Superbowl?
Which group believes in The Great Architect of the Universe?
Robert Alan Zimmerman real name of who?
Processed Galena produces which metal?
Who wrote Gulliver's Travels (both names)?
What is a Ha Ha?
In Japan what is Seppuku?
Who discovered blood circulation?
The dunnock is another name for which common bird?
If someone said they were from Hellas - which country?
Who was the son of Zeus and Maia - Gods Messenger?
Roy Scherer jr became famous as who?
Who wrote Brave New World (full name)?
What links Calabria, Liguria, Puglia and Veneto?
Which city in Rajasthan has riding breeches named after it?
Portugal has had six Kings with what first name?
What martial arts name means gentle way?
Jean Claude Killy famous in which sport?
Kimberlite contains what precious item?
Who directed Dr Strangelove - 2001 - The Shining (full name)?
Rene Lalique - Art Nouveau designer worked what material?
Who created the land of Narnia and Lion Witch and Wardrobe?
What animal lives in a drey?
Why is Louise Brown - born 1978 famous?
The title of whose book translates as my struggle?
In which country would you find the Negev desert?
Which character has been played by the most actors?
In Greek mythology a Hamadryads spirit guarded what?
Jocasta was the wife of Laius and the mother of who?
Who wrote The Rights of Man - and The Age of Reason?
What is the capital of Sicily?
What was invented by Dr Edward Land in 1947?
Syd Barett, Roger Waters, Richard Wright, Nick Mason - Group?
Carlo Collodi created which famous children's character?
What is mainly extracted from pitchblende?
Which connects Delft, Sevres, Wedgwood, Chelsea?
Which country introduced the worlds first diesel loco in 1912?
in 1656 Christian Huygens invented what type of timekeeper?
Duvali, Dushira and Holi are religious days in which religion?
In what industry did John Davidson Rockefeller get rich?
The Mau Mau were terrorists in which country late 50s early 60s?
What movie cast included James Garner, Richard Attenbourough, Steve McQueen, Charles Bronson, Donald Pleasance, James Coburn, Gordon Jackson, Angus McPhee among many others?
If you suffer from epistaxis what is wrong?
In which book would you find the manservant Pas Partout?
What animals name translates as water horse?
In Greek mythology who killed the Gorgon?
Which two metals are alloyed to make pewter?
in 1899 the Eastman company in the USA produced first what?
What links - Sarte, Neitzsche, Russell and Decartes?
in 1643 Evangalisa Torichelli invented the first what?
Which Spanish painter has first exhibition at 16?
Where did the mutineers of the Bounty settle?
What is the longest river in Italy?
What does a polyandric women have more than one of?
What links Brazil, Uruguay, Mozambique and Angola?
What is the American equivalent of the Irish Poteen?
Who was the last king of Troy killed by Achilles son Pyrrhus?
In 1911 Hiram Bingham discovered what lost city?
Who wrote the book Billy Budd also Moby Dick?
Which highwayman rode the horse Black Bess?
Barry Allen was the alter ego of which DC comic superhero?
In 1901 which brand of car was seen for the first time?
Brisbane is the state capital of which SE Australian state?
In Norse mythology what is the name of the ultimate battle?
In 1890 the first electric what opened in London?
Who wrote the children's novel Swallows and Amazons?
Oil seed rape belongs to which plant family?
Which Norwegian politicians name became a word for traitor?
What is the capitol of Morocco?
What shape were the sailors plates in Nelsons navy?
What religion links Weasak, Dhrammacacka, and Bhodi day?
Linus Torwalds invented and wrote what?
The bander macaque has which commoner name?
Zambia and Zimbabwe used to be called what?
What is the staple food of one third of the worlds population?
Paul Robeson the singer of old man river had what profession?
Rene Laennac invented which aid for doctors in 1810?
Jagger, Richards, Wyman, Jones, Watts, Stewart - which band?
What digit does not exist in Roman Numerals?
Who was nicknames The desert Fox (both Names)?
What aid to archaeologists from 197 bc was found in Egypt 1799?
Which annual sporting event between 2 teams started in 1829?
Who was the jeweller to the Russian Court famous Easter eggs?
What links Samuel Delaney, Fredrick Pohl, Harlan Ellison?
Randolph Crane became famous as which cowboy actor?
Ageusia is the loss of which sense?
Which Irish political parties name translates as we ourselves?
Henry Ford used assembly line in 1908 but someone before 1901?
Who performed the first heart transplant in South Africa?
What is the common name for the star Sirius?
What calculating aid was invented by William Oughtred in 1662?
Which Athenian philosopher wrote nothing immortalised by Plato?
Who designed the WW 1 plane Camel and co designed Hurricane?
Crazy Horse and Sitting Bull were born in which US state?
In 1666 Jesuit Bark was used as a prevention against what?
In 1971 which USA space probe was first to orbit another planet?
What links Catalonia, Andalusia, Cantabria, Galicia?
Ingemar Stenmark won record 85 world cup races in what sport?
Who wrote the music for ballets Firebird and Rites of Spring?
What common legal item literally means under penalty?
Who was the only person to win world titles on bikes and cars?
Which European country is divided into areas called Cantons?
Which medical tool was developed by Sanctorius in 1612?
What weapon was invented by Ernest Swinton used in 1916?
Which mythological King chained grapes rose water fell?
Who created Tarzan (full name) in 1914?
Camellia Sinesis evergreen shrub better known as what?
In 1901 who first transmitted radio signals across Atlantic?
Who won six consecutive Wimbledon titles in the 1980s?
What Italian building material translates as baked earth?
What links Buddy Holly, Lyndon Johnston, Janice Joplin?
Which eponymous character was Thane of Cawder Glaimes?
Who wrote the 39 steps (both names)?
Who won the Superbowl in 1987?
Who was the son of Poseidon and Ampherite?
Annie Mae Bullock became famous under which name (both)?
What linked Armenia, Georgia, Latvia and Moldavia?
What is the state capitol of New Jersey?
Who won an Oscar for best supporting actor in Spartacus 1960?
What was invented by James Dewer in 1872?
Who was the Roman goddess of the hearth?
Viticulture is the growing of what plants?
In 1953 what was first successfully transmitted in the USA?
Who wrote the Thin Man in 1934 (both names)?
Angel falls Venezuela Highest but where second Highest?
Whitcome Judson in 1891 invented what for fastening shoes?
Who sold Louisiana to the USA in 1803?
Gregory Pincus, John Rock, Gerhart Domangk developed what?
The Gloucester E 28/39 first flew in 1941 - what was unusual?
Women compete between USA and UK in Wightman Cup - Sport?
Woolworth's - the store started in which us state 1979?
Which actress starred in the original King Kong in 1933?
Except Australia 1 New Zealand 1 USA all since 1870 want?
What's missing from ale that's included in beer?
Until 1971 what was the name of Zaire?
Karl Lienstater discovered which medical breakthrough in 1901?
Who is the only American president elected unopposed?
Which countries men use the most deodorant?
Who played Billy the Kid in The Left Handed Gun?
What was the first credit card?
What links Humphry Davie, Michael Faraday, Madam Curie?
Hippophagic society members support what?
What did Britain swap Havana for with Spain in 1763?
What is the crime of embracery?
Which country made the worlds first feature film in 1906?
Who wrote Gentlemen Prefer Blonds?
What was Norman Bates hobby in Psycho?
What was Casanovas day job?
Where is the worlds largest gold depository?
Why did the state of Indiana ban Robin Hood in 1953?
Angelo Scicilano better know as who?
How did George II die?
What did Marlon Brando and George C Scott refuse?
Why was convict 2599 unusual in Pen State prison 1924?
What is 6 inches bigger in Summer?
What two ingredients make the dish angels on horseback?
What was Charles Dickens last (unfinished) novel?
Which sea on Earth has no beaches?
Reuben Tice died trying to invent a machine to do what?
De Witt Wallace founded what?
Who is the Patron Saint of thieves?
According to his business card what job did Al Capone do?
Humans are 10,000 times more sexually active that what animal?
Shirley Schrift became famous as which actress?
In Kansas what can a waiter not do in a teacup (legally)?
Which country has the smallest birth rate?
Which 1956 film caused riots in cinemas?
Who did the USA buy the Virgin islands from?
Who played the scarecrow in the Wiz (all black wiz of oz)?
What was or is a Waltzing Mathilda?
Which country was the first to introduce old age pensions?
Which hats became popular with children in 1956?
Malden Serkiovitch famous as which actor?
What is it illegal to pawn in New York?
What hospital did Dr Kildare work at?
Collective nouns - a smuck of what?
Who was Cleopatra's first husband?
Who was John Dawkins better known as?
Which film star has his statue in Leicester Square?
Virginia McMath became famous as which actress?
What is the name of Captain Ahab's ship?
Roosevelt won the 1932 election - who lost it?
What is the first day of Lent?
Mr Chips said goodbye - from which fictional school?
Who buried the treasure on Treasure Island?
Which TV series was narrated by Walter Winchell?
In which country was Auschwitz?
What was the first British instrumental to top the USA charts?
On which national flag is there an eagle and a snake?
What group of animals would be in a clowder?
What is a Sam Browne?
What is the chemical symbol for tungsten?
Who is the second most translated English writer?
Who is the most translated English writer?
Citius Altius Fortius is the motto of what organisation?
What is the main ingredient of sauce Lyonnaise?
Who played Miss Marple in 6 films (both names)?
From what language does the word alphabet come?
In the nursery rhyme what is Fridays child?
What was the first film made in cinemascope?
Where was the battle of Hastings fought?
A pearmain is what type of fruit?
What colour is the bull on an archery target?
What was the Rolling Stones first no 1 hit?
Name both rival gangs in West Side Story?
In golf what do the Americans call an albatross?
Which classical composer wrote the Hungarian Rhapsody?
When is St Swithens day?
What are ceps morels and chantrelles?
Which part of his body did Charlie Chaplin insure?
In golf what would you put in your shag bag?
A bind is a group of what type of fish?
Which author created Fu Manchu?
Mrs Darell Waters (translated 128 languages) pen name?
Who played the pawnbroker in the film of that name?
What was the first manufactured item sold on Hire Purchase?
In France if you were served le miel what would you eat?
The Greek for circle of animals gives it name to what?
Who was the Roman god of agriculture?
What is ikebana?
What nationality was Morse inventor of the famous code?
Goa used to be a colony of which nation?
What does a galactophagist drink?
What did God create on the fifth day (both)?
Where was Bob Dylan born?
In the 18th century what would a pencil be?
Agrippa poisoned her husband/uncle who was he?
Who was the mother of Castor and Pollux?
What are the snaffle Pelham and Weymouth?
Walter Koenig played which part in the Star Trek series?
Who had a hit with Devil Woman?
What were the first false teeth made from?
The jealous Athena turned who into a spider?
What was the first Carry On film?
Who was the female lead in The Shootist?
What is a dzo?
Hypermetropic people are what?
Which leader lives in the Potola?
What wood was the cross supposed to be made of?
Joseph Levitch became famous as who?
If you planted a bandarilla what are you doing?
What was the first Pink Floyd album?
In which city was the first public opera house opened?
In what Elvis film did he play a double role?
The Aphrodite of Melos has a more famous name - what?
Which country invented the concentration camp?
John Huston scored a hit with his first film - what?
Stan laurel, Mickey Rooney, Lana Turner what in common?
What real person has been played most often in films?
Scotopic people can do what?
What is the name of the Paris stock exchange?
Whose music featured in The Clockwork Orange?
What was the Troggs most famous hit?
In Japan what colour car is reserved for the royal family only?
What city has Kogoshima as its airport?
What was gangsters George Nelsons nickname?
Whose first wife was actress Jayne Wyman?
In MASH what is Radars favourite drink?
What do you give on the third wedding anniversary?
What is a baby whale called?
In which film did the Rolls Royce have the number plate AU1?
Vladamere Ashkenazy plays what musical instrument?
With which organ does a snake hear?
On what is the Mona Lisa painted?
What is the second most common international crime?
Count de Grisly was the first to perform what trick in 1799?
Who wrote Les Miserable?
Which bird turns it head upside down to eat?
The colossus of Rhodes was a statue of who?
Who rode a horse called Bucephalus?
To which London club did Mycroft Holmes belong?
What did William Addis invent in prison?
What is the only duty of police Gracthenvissers in Amsterdam?
Kleenex tissues were originally intended as what in 1915?
Who invented popcorn?
What is the colour of mourning in Turkey?
For what is spirits of salt another name?
Which game is played on an oval with 18 player per team?
In the Winnie the Pooh stories what is Kanga's baby called?
Which actor is common to Magnificent 7 and Dirty Dozen?
Who saved Andromeda from the sea monster?
What flower is the symbol of secrecy?
What items were originally called Hanways?
What is Brussels best known statue?
Which flying pioneer was nicknamed the lone eagle?
Horse statue - mounted man - on two legs - how man die?
Which American state produces the most potatoes?
Who wrote Dr Zhivago?
Who is Charlie Browns favourite baseball player (fictional)?
Emerald is the birth stone for which month?
What is the white trail behind a jet plane made from?
What Italian habit did Thomas Coyrat introduce to England 1608?
Purl Plain Fisherman's Cable types of what?
Why was Mary Mallen locked up from 1915 to 1938?
If you were doing vaccimulgence what doing?
For what purpose was the chow chow dog originally bred?
What kind of fruit is a kumquat?
Who was the Greek goddess of love?
What first appeared in New York World 21st December 1913?
Which group of animals are called a cete?
Which herb did the Romans eat top prevent drunkenness?
What is the original literal meaning of the word bride?
Who ran the first marathon?
What is the only creature that can turn its stomach inside out?
What is Milan's opera house called?
What is the oldest most widely used drug on earth?
What type of animal is a Samoyed?
In which country did draughts (checkers) originate?
Shane Fenton became famous as who?
What is the worlds most popular green vegetable?
What other name is used for the snow leopard?
Which drink did Bach enjoy so much he wrote a cantata for it?
Who invented the first safety razor in 1895?
What nationality is Thor Heyerdahl?
What 3 ingredients make a sidecar cocktail?
A spunder or drift is the name for a group of what animals?
What is Erse?
On oometer measures what?
What did table tennis balls used to be made from?
If you had variola what disease have you got?
Which playing card is called the Curse of Scotland?
Which painter did Hans van Meegeren most fake?
Which country had the first women MPs 19 in 1907?
In 1969 what category was added to the Nobel prizes?
In which city was Bob Hope born?
In the human body where is your occiput?
Which food did Victorians deride as little bags of mystery?
Which actor was dubbed the muscles from Brussels?
Which film star was the first to appear on a postage stamp?
What would you expect to find in a binnacle?
Which Hollywood star has made the cover of Life most times?
Which Mediterranean countries orchestra is bigger than its army?
Where can you buy a copy of Penguin News?
Who was the hero of the old TV cop series Dragnet?
Which African country was founded by Americans?
What was Britain called - before it was Britain?
In what month did the Russian October revolution take place?
"Nobody's perfect" is the last line in which classic comedy film?
How did Buffalo Bill stick to one glass whisky a day?
In 1760 what means of personal transport was invented?
What three counties were Eliza Dolittle taught to pronounce?
In Hitchcock's film The Trouble with Harry what was the trouble?
What was the first gramophone record made from?
What did George Washington soak his wooden teeth in for taste?
George V1 Mozart Al Jolson Casanova - which organisation?
Who said "Its so long since sex I forget who gets tied up"?
St Appolonia Patron Saint of what?
A squid found in New Zealand had the biggest what ever seen?
What was the first country to guarantee freedom of worship?
which famous person invented the cat flap?
Richard Penniman became famous as who?
What is a snood?
Who said "men are creatures with two legs and 8 hands"?
Which European country eats the most breakfast cereal?
Philosopher Jeremy Bentham has a very unusual pet - what?
Who sang the title song in the film Grease?
What is produced in a ginnery?
What was made illegal in England in 1439?
What was invented by Dr Albert Southwick in 1881?
In which country most likely to die from a scorpion sting?
Who is the most filmed author?
Who sold the most albums on a single day?
What was the last item shown on British TV before WW2?
What countries people had the longest life expectation?
Who said "I like Beethoven especially the poems"?
Oedipus was named after what - literal translation?
What fish can hold objects in its tail?
Who is the most filmed comic strip character?
Whose version of A View to a Kill reached 1 in USA 2 in UK?
Which country grows the most potatoes?
What does a drosomoter measure?
In law what is a co-parcener?
Which pop group had a hit with Silence is Golden?
Greek mathematician cylinder enclosed sphere carved on grave?
British call this bird species tits what do Americans call them?
Which country owns the Hen and Chicken islands?
Who created the TV series - The man from UNCLE?
Which film director described actors as cattle?
Shirley Bassey sang three Bond themes - can you name any of them?
Barring rain - in which athletics event would you get wet?
What colour is the flesh of the Charentais melon?
Who was the first person elected to US swimming hall fame?
The guillotine was invented for chopping off what?
Which country invented the bedsprings?
What did Spanish scientists fit to cows to increase milk yield?
What people founded cheese making in England?
What is the first name of Mr Toad - in Toad of Toad Hall?
Atephobia is a fear of what?
What are Grapnel, Bruce, Danforth, Plough types of?
Why did Handel compose The Messiah?
Red flags flown by French ships Joli Rouge origin of what name?
in which country could you spend a Kwanza?
John Henry Deutchendorf famous as who (both names)?
Mitre Dovetail Jig and Hack are types of what?
Tracey and Hepburn first film in 1942 was what?
Antimacassars were fitted to chairs - what is macasser?
Jack Ketch 1663 1686 had what job?
Nekal was the first type of what product (Germany 1917)?
Name the first Grand Prix driver to used a safety belt in 1967?
The SF award the Hugo is named after Hugo who?
Maurice Micklewhite became famous as who?
What do Ombrophobes fear?
If you had a Brassica Rapa what vegetable would you have?
Who sailed in a ship called Queen Ann's Revenge?
Saponification is the process that makes what common product?
Blue red green yellow four Olympic rings colour what's missing?
Detective Philip Marlow smokes what brand?
Who landed on Timor Island after being cast adrift?
What is the more common name of the Chaparral Cock?
In what language did St Paul write his epistles?
Ian Fleming's house was called Goldeneye - which country?
Alfred Schneider became famous as who?
A C-Curity was the original name of what common object?
Fidelity Bravery Integrity is which organisations motto?
Who was the first black entertainer to win an Emmy award?
In 1860 Napoleon III banquet - serving dishes dearer gold what?
What is the worlds most widely used vegetable?
What are lentigines?
What type of animal is a vmi-vmi?
What did Mege-Mouries invent in 1870 winning a Napoleon prize?
What was Walt Disney's middle name?
Who would you expect to find in Castle Gondolofo?
What two items make up the dish devils on horseback?
What does ludo mean (literally)?
The Detours changed to The High Numbers then what name?
What animal was believed to be a cross camel - leopard?
An elephant has 400000 what in its trunk?
What colour is cerulean?
The pica pica is what common bird?
What male human feature was taxed in Elizabethan times?
Which record company rejected the Beatles as being past it?
From which country does spinach originate?
British policemen have truncheons what is USA equivalent?
In DC comics Linda Lee Danvers is whose alter ego?
In what country does the cow tree grow - sap looks tastes milk?
The penny black - worlds first stamp - what was second?
Which country produces Tokay?
Where could you legally flash your dong - then spend it?
The Bald Eagle is Americas bird - What is Britain's?
Australian Clement Wragge instituted what?
What does Zip stand for in the American Zip Code?
What wood is plywood mostly made from?
What is a Hummum?
In which sport are left handed people banned from playing?
What food was invented in a sanatorium in 1890?
Who was eaten by dogs in the Old Testament?
In literature who is the alter ego of Percy Blakney?
Juglans Regia is the real name of what type of nut tree?
What album cover (by the Rolling Stones) had a zip on the side?
What lives in a holt?
Who is the Patron Saint of dancers and actors?
What is the worlds tallest grass?
Who owned the newspaper in Lou Grant - Nancy Marchand?
Who reputedly first said - if in doubt tell the truth?
John Richie became famous under what name?
In Greek mythology who rowed the dead across the river Styx?
Alfred White was a famous author under which name?
Which acid was first prepared from distilled red ants?
Who invented doctor Who?
What took place on London's serpentine first time 16 June 1930?
Which European city was the bride of the sea?
Who (not Peter Sellers) played Inspector Clouseau in 1968?
Where could you find the Lutine Bell?
Yabusame is the Japanese version of what sport?
Which Dickens novel is considered an autobiography?
Dendrologists worship what?
What is the national sport of Finland?
Who was Agrippa's son?
Peter Goldmak invented what in 1948?
Milton lost which sense?
What are camel haired brushes made of?
Playing card - Raymond Shaw trance - Manchurian Candidate?
Eiffel designed the Eiffel tower - what was his first name?
The Salk vaccine is used against what disease?
If you are born between June 23rd and July 23rd what star sign?
An alloy of Iron - Chromium and Nickel makes what?
Who said "Public service is my motto"?
Drakes Golden Hind was originally called what?
In what film did Elvis play a Red Indian?
What did the Victorians call servant regulators?
Which country first used the fountain pen?
Hva er romertallet for 1000?